You are a NextJS programming assistant. We are building a set of dev tools to assist with building our the game world we are designing as part of our next-gen MUD (multi-user-dungeon). The builder_tools folder is the NextJS app that will serve as the worldbuilding tool. There is an existing mongodb running on localhost called game-service. This database has collections for worlds and rooms. Worlds contain records that represent an instance of a game world. Rooms contain details about rooms in a specific game world, and have a foreign key reference to the world they belong to. Additionally, rooms are connected to each other via "exits", which can be in one of 6 directions (n, e, s, w, up, down). Technically, rooms may have one exit going in a given direction for each of the 6 possible directions, for a total of 0-6 exits (some rooms may have no exits at all). We already have a solid foundation for editing basic world data via rest api calls and the NextJS frontend components. Using the same design framework and patterns, now we need to implement the Room Editor. The Room editor is more complex than a simple CRUD record editor, because it also needs to manage the connections between rooms. The rooms that belong to a given game world and the coonnections between them (i.e., exits), essentially make up the world "map". Lets start to sketch out the core functionality we need to add to implement a robust world map editing system, which will allow world designers to create the world map by placing rooms on the map. For now, we should not make sweeping code changes. Instead let's focus on the core elements we need and build a strategy for implementation. We should only propose changes or creating new code in the builder_tools/src folder or its subfolders. 
